So let's go to main sources here all the way in the bottom as always we're all just going to say this
is going to be a post.
Right.
So your posts are going to create a lot a lot of space right because there's going to be quite a few
rules that warning you right away.
I want to start over here with the most basic one posts right.
So what we would want for the post and we're going to say this is going to have a background and the
background as being hash.
B E B are here like this.
And then it's going to be seventy four seventy four.
All right.
Now that we have this padding.
Twenty pixels.
Then we're going to have a zero.
It's going to be 80 pixels and then have zero on it.
So we're going to set up the batting and then we're going to have a post container post container and
here we're going to save the max with here and we're going to say this is going to be 90.
You right and then we're going to have a margin.
0 auto Right.
And again we're just placing the actual whole container in the center.
And then we're going to have a post item know this and we're going to say this is going to be background
color and I'm going to say it's going to be hash tag e 0 we no longer have to be right.
So something like this is 0.
And two DBI right.
So then we go ahead and say color and the color is going to be hash tag 1 9 1 7 1 6 1 7 1 6.
This is going to be our color.
And then over here we're going to say this is going to be more margin and we're going to say 20 pixels
right and 0 right.
So that's going to be margin in between them right.
So now we're done with post item would go to the actual post image.
So here I'm going to say post an image.
Right so now we're just targeting the image and we're going to say this is going to be worth more here.
I'm going to say 100 percent on this.
I'm going to say this is going to be this black block right.
So now that we have this we would want a image container.
So we're going to go here and we're going to say image container.
I'm not going to say this is going to be position relative.
Right.
And the background and the magnet is going to be a linear linear gradient gradient and again this is
going to be R-GA G.P.A. 0 0 0 0 7 and then you're going to LGB a 0 0 0 0 7 right.
So maybe we can change the rate.
Maybe it's going to be a little darker maybe it looks nicer.
So zero way.
Zero.
All right.
So two of them are here now do we have this one image container phantasm.
So we go here class image container over here.
We're going to see some.
And what we would want is position to say absolute and then this is going to be left 50 percent and
it's going to be bottom or top 50 percent top or here 50 percent then we're going to have a transformer
translate transform translate and it's going to be negative 50 percent and again negative 50 percent.
Right so now that we have this we would want a font size.
We're going to say this is going to be 50 pixels.
So it's going to be quite a big one right.
Then the color Natcore we're going to go with yellow.
So e six A F E F TO.
So now we have this would want a transition and transition is going to be opacity.
I see no real way to say for four seconds.
Right.
And over here the actual opacity.
Right away set it is zero.
Right so if it is sitting right now I can see it but obviously once we're all going to be hovering we
will to be able to.
Right.
So obviously all here where is the image container.
And so it over here right away.
Copy and paste.
I can just say hover right.
And what should happen as we're hovering.
We're going to say this is going to be Pasotti and this is going to be zero point four here.
And then for the actual image right here the same image.
And then the next one is going to be for the phantasm.
So copy and paste are going to go here and we're going to say font awesome awesome and opacity is going
to be one.
All right so one is actually going to be losing the capacity right image the actual phantasm is actually
going to be gaining.
Right.
So if we go back over here we're Bajun C check it out.
All right.
I can see that this one is actually losing capacity right and phantasms appearing.
Now there's one issue right.
Right now those images are really big.
Right.
So we're obviously going to need to go and work on that.
So we're going to go ahead or here and we're going to say this is going to be a text container and all
this is going to have a paddings.
All right.
So I'm going to go all the way over here and the bottom and we're going to say this is going to be text
contained there.
Right.
And we're going to say this is going to be a paddings will say padding 10 pixels going to 5 pixels of
30 pixels and it will have five pixels high.
So we're going to have like this it will have a margin for a actual paragraph text container.
And this is going to be for a paragraph on the same margin 15 pixels or hear 15 pixels that are we're
going to have a zero.
And then we're going to 25 pixels and it zero again.
So something like this.
And then we're going to have a text container text container
danger and then we're going to have a link right.
And what happened to the link when I say text decoration on one down the line they don't want a font
size 20 pixels and let's make a semi colon padding padding is going to be five pixels.
Then we're going to have a border here of two big TSOs solid.
And this is needs to be here.
So we're going to see e 6.
An EF 2 EF 2.
Right.
So now that we have this we would want a color also.
And we're going to have the same one that's so color and more use the same one here was going to grab
this guy and copy over here and say paste.
Right so now the color has changed and we would want a margin about 20 pixels on this so we just moved
up a little bit and then we would want as we're hovering right now that's going to be the last one before
the media before we actually make and responsive.
So we're going to go over here and we're going to copy this and paste it over here I'm going to say
however and what should happen is we're hovering.
We're going to change the colors.
So we'll see background color.
And this is going to be hash tag 1 9 1 7 1 6 right.
So the black one.
And obviously the color is going to be the same.
All right so we're going to go here I'm going to say this is going to be water.
Water color is going to be the same right.
So check it out.
Right.
So as you can see as important as how it's going to look and then we have a media screen that's going
to be to last ones for the media screen.
We're here we're going to say that this is going to be here.
Yes.
We're here.
I'm going to say and I don't know what year this was a little bit too early but we needed to see a man
with men all going to say 5 6 7 5 7 6 0 here and then we're going to close this one out and then we're
going to have a post or a container or you doing this and then we're going to say this play and then
we're going to have a great template columns grid template Cong's here template columns and then we're
going to say this is going to be repeat right.
And we're going to have two and one for action.
Right.
So something like this.
Then we're going to have a grid column gap grid column gap or call them gap and we're here we're going
to say this is going to be one of them and then great program grade Roe gap.
So this is going to be in between the rows we're going to say one him and what we would want to do is
just copy this or order change this one to 9 9 2.
I'm going to go into.
And of course this is going to be repeated is going to be three.
And once we're done over here with our media screens we just go back to our page.
Right.
And we can refresh and you can see that this is we're all going to have right.
So this is going to be three posts font or some search or here and if we try to make it smaller right
then it's going to be two of them.
Right.
The same thing.
And if we got a smaller screen this is going to be one of them.
Right.
And this is how we can get done with this section.
And the last section we have left is actually a footer section.